Alright, so now that you've enrolled into Apple Developer, let's get the IDE
and start coding.
Very simple again, just click the blue Xcode button and then there's a blue
download button
on the top right.
You click that, make sure you download the original Xcode and not the beta.
The beta is unstable and it also doesn't let you push new apps to the app store
, so just
make sure you get the original Xcode, click on it.
It will then pop up the Mac App Store.
Really simple again.
Download, install, once that's done, make sure you've thought this is where it
gets
a little bit intricate.
Once that's installed, open it, you'll get prompted with this screen.
Go in the top left of your Mac, you see where it says Xcode up here, you click
settings
and in accounts, click the bottom left plus icon as you can see and log into
the account
that you just enrolled Apple Developer subscription onto.
Very crucial step.
Once you've done that, let's get ready to set the project.
This is where the fun starts happening.
Get excited boys.
You click create new project, make sure it's an app.
You can call us whatever you want for, simply as you say, clinical is UMAX
clone.
Organization identifier is very important and the team.
I have two teams because I'm also in the Coder account, but I'll just add it to
the Coder
account.
For the organization identifier, you can do whatever you want.
I have com.slader because that's my last name.
You can do com.anderson for Blake, for example, or your company name.
Let's just say super health.
So now it's com.superhealth.umexclone.
This is one of one people can't copy it, but this just helps Apple identify
your app on
the app store.
This is by the way, you can't change it if you've already put, yeah, just is
permanent,
so just make sure it's right.
But it doesn't really matter.
It's very backend.
It's not front and facing.
Next, choose a place for your folder with your code to be.
For example, mine's in the GitHub folder, which I'm happy with.
Click create.
Well, I've already got one called UMAX clone.
My bad.
UMAX clone too.
Next, create and bomb.
Now your app has built.
You can see a preview on the right side.
It's about to load.
Just give it a second.
And there you go.
Now you can see a preview of the app.
And now things are starting to get excited.
But yeah, that's the Ace code setup.
One more thing I'd recommend.
Go into here.
So click on this tab in the blue top left and then go to general and targets.
Make sure this is all selected as a mine.
Remove iPad, remove Mac and remove Apple vision.
This just complicates things.
And if you push your app to the app store with those checked, you can't then
remove
them.
So you need to permanently keep supporting iPad, making sure everything's like
fitting
on the screen for iPad.
And annoys us that could have a lot because we can't do anything about it.
So I'd remove that straight away.
But yeah, that should be the very simple Ace code setup.
In the next section, we'll go through kind of building things.
And yeah, good shit guys.